T@skFlow Individual Contributor License Agreement

Thank you for your interest in contributing to T@skFlow ("The Project") owned by Mark Hampton ("The Project Owner") using GitHub account MarkNZed. In order to clarify the intellectual property rights granted with Contributions from any person or entity, The Project Owner must have a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) on file that has been signed by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the license terms below. This license is for your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of The Project and its users; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose.

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions submitted to The Project. Except for the license granted herein to The Project Owner and recipients of software distributed by The Project Owner, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.

1. Definitions.
"You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with The Project Owner. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to The Project for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by The Project Owner (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to The Project Owner or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, The Project Owner for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to The Project Owner and to recipients of software distributed by The Project Owner a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to The Project Owner and to recipients of software distributed by The Project Owner a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. Grant of License to Change License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to The Project Owner the right, at its sole discretion, to change the open-source license under which the Work is distributed, provided that the new license is an OSI-approved license or another widely recognized open-source license.

5. Representation. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above licenses. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that You create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to The Project, or that your employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with The Project Owner for such Contributions.

6. Warranty. You represent that, to the best of your knowledge and belief, your Contributions are free of any claims of copyright infringement, and that you have the authority to grant the rights and permissions granted in this Agreement.

7. Disclaimer. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall You be liable to The Project Owner or any other party for any damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this Agreement or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if You have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

9. Acceptance of Agreement. You indicate acceptance of this Agreement and all of its terms and conditions by signing and submitting this Agreement with your Contribution, either by clicking to accept the terms of this Agreement, by electronic signature, or by signing a physical copy of this Agreement and providing a scanned copy to The Project Owner.